# A Whitepaper With roposing Peer To Peer Hashtables Having a DNS Overlay

An analysis or peer to peer addressing, proposing a human readable p2p DNS layer over the hashtable, and how jump past web 3 directly to web 4, 
using the oldest idea on the internet, DNS.

## Premise
The idea is to seed the concept of a "Personal Domain Name" and, generally personal DNS (PDNS), into the developer community, with the view to 
there being a human-readable layer over existing user-chosen, peer-to-peer hashtables, effectively hiding the hashtable from view, much like DNS 
hides our IP4 and IP6 network addresses behind registered domain names.

Such PDNS names might consist of a profile handle (in my case, crunchysteve, for example) and 3 to 6 words of 3 to 6 characters length, chosen at 
random from wiktionary (for example), such that my Personal Domain Name (PDN) might be generated by such an app as, 

```crunchysteve.pluck.city.horse.fiddle```

Initiating a social conection to me on such a PDN might be via,

```pttps://crunchysteve.pluck.city.horse.fiddle```

## Aims
The aim of this whitepaper is to 
 - inspire the development of the necessary protocols and overlays to hide complexx peer-to-peer hash addresses from
the end user, making peer-to-peer networks more accessible and as easy to use as web1 was.
 - create a relatively malleable model for creation and conflict resolution for PDNs and the PDNS that allows forms like,
   - using a PDN with or without a user handle as a subdomain (eg word.people.bag.puddle or fred.word.people.bag.puddle)
   - shared peer clusters (eg me.word.people.bag.puddle and you.word.people.bag.puddle)
   - conventional DNS overlays (eg connections to example.com display the standard domain but are connected to a PDNS)
   - resolve conflict by prior ownership or agreed transfer of prior ownership to new owner
 - achieve a protocol that can be recognised by the IETF as the network standard for hashtable peer-to-peer networks,
 - prevent proliferation of incompatible, "upper-layer" models for peer-to-peer networking.
 - make data harvesting centralised systems less operable or even inoperable.
 - make peer to peer connection human readable, memorable and fun, as a layer on top of hashtable security

The idea is not to eliminate client/server for such things as it is necessary, such as for business identity, government services, etc, rather it
is to provide an accessbile, "non-nerd" addressing system for the secure interconnection of individuals, groups, group-to-individual and 
individual-to-group interactions.

## About the Author, Crunchysteve
I have grander ideas than my skills but a white-hot focus on the principles of those structures, as well as being a reader of the technical 
principals behind my ideas. Being only an Arduino hobyist, I know only some basic C/C++ but am embarked on learning it more formally, if
self-paced, but I also have 27 years experience with the internet, generally. I have run servers, managed media storage/retrieval systems and
understand the principles of DNS to a small system manager level. I have a passionate commitment to internet decentralisation and security, I
oppose the current tendency of the world towards digital feudalism and I'm no "blockchain bro." I'm 62, retired from a 3 decade career as an
audio producer in radio and know how to organise a small project. Feel free, if inspired to, to pull request your code ideas, or mods to this
whitepaper.
